standing in the other thing i'm thinking
of also is uh...
george w_ bush inouye
has lowered the bar
for this idea that listen it doesn't
matter if
the guys but the republicans nominate
is completely incompetent
it's okay to elect someone completely
incompetent
as long as it keeps a democrat out of
office that is now ok among republican
circles right even mitch mcconnell said
the number one things get rid of obama
doesn't matter who replaced
i mean i i guess that that's a
possibility i know from the side of the
the legislators it's okay to destroy
your country
to make sure return
along with that their characters and the
secure reelected until it went on
friends
romney might be a good president inouye
well i mean i think i foresee two
possibilities in around the presidency
one is that
he's a moderate
so in other words he's a he's ponting
himself up to be some sort of right wing
extremist capable an extremist rightwing
guy catering to the republican base
right when he's elected he'll just be a
moderate that's one possibility which
would be that bad
in other words it would be much better
than a right wing extremist presidency
okay
on the other hand he might just cater to
whatever interests are pushing him to
act on any given situation
ourselves so that weber puts the most
lobbying money and is good influence raw
meat into absolutely anything but that's
pretty optimistic is that says that all
the progressives have to do is find a
way to get out this guy
in hell actually cater to them because
he has no convictions of his own fastest
i think that is just his uh...
his campaign face i think this is on a
that pandering
anne i have no idea what the iraqis
actually about and i don't think anybody
does because this is all that is all
pandering this is all to win who knows
we seem to me with this thing could be a
kind of in the condo but you're saying
is that the hell do anything else that
they'll have an agenda we have no way of
knowing what it will be before you
select the right
uh... deborah and it's not real quick
yeah i mean if we need to look at what
he did in massachusetts he wasn't that
conservative of the governor compared to
of their parts of the country no he also
was it that competent
that's true but what i'm saying is
lake it like louis is saying we don't
know what you'll do
governing the country is massachusetts
was a liberal state this guy caters to
the situation he's in
the country is not as liberal as
messages